1. react and babel take care of all the specification and conversions needed according to the browser or conversion requirements
2. render can only take 1 element at a time..you wont be able to add h1 and p tag one after other
3. how to solve the above - just enclose them in a single div.
4. curly braces is the way to go for adding js(calling variable or any logic) in html which is in js
5. you cannot put in statements in them...only expressions are allowed inside curly braces
6. a weird syntax look at the code carefully please. some ejs templating for the same concatenation
7. adding a class for css and other changes will work but there will be a certain error. lets see what. for now know that your class and changes will be reflected like normal html file 
8. just changed it to className lol
9. you must use the closing tags in jsx but it works in html..html is forgiving, jsx does not 
10.in javascript you need to add the inline styling as javascript object
11.javascript objects exist in set of curly braces with key value pairs
12.basically adding the css styling stuff in 2 curly braces one as we are writing js in html and another as we want a js object to be passed
13.you cannot use kebbab case in js ka instyling you must use camel case
14.and the values of various changes you want to make must be inside a string no matter number or anythingg
15.always give function names as pascal cases. First letter capital
16.self closing tags also exists like <Heading />
17.to let both files know about each other you use es6 import export functionality
18.no need to write the extension of file it will figure it out itself
19.there is no complusion..its just a format or convention everyone is following for react dont get scared of it you are doing greattt
20.you can use any name while importing any function or something from a file and call it inside index.js using the same name but not the others that you want to import, you will export them using curly braces and import them using the same. no name change allowed. only allowed for default one
21.or if you dont want to import export things differently from a file u can always use * means all as some name it is a js object now pi.doublePi..pi.default and all
22.dont apply the styles k liye vali class to the custom component that is where u call them in the app ka div. dont add class there add class in div of whatever cumponent you want to be edited like the one in note vala section of keeper app
23.too avoid repeatation is why we created the components but how to provide different data for all of them 
24.the attributes like the ones used for input tag are called properties in react. they can be used to set some properties that are visible and can be accessed easily. placeholder...value..id in html are examples
25.understood props...its like now you can make your own attributed and call them using props..i would want to see the docs of react to know how the makers did it
26.now you get 22..because then it would take it as an attribute to be called using the props and would not change anything
27.I am proud of myself I am doing great.
28.key is a special property cannot call it using props.key
29.memorization is not what we do in the post google world..not after gpt at all. understand, keep in mind, google and use when u think its needed and good for your problem.
30.whatt the && operators are veryy different in react...if the condition is true then next things wirtten after && is implemented..both are not conditions they are in js but not in react. its condition && expression
31.very weird syntax, to take it out again after once using destructing array..you must use it as objects. just [] changes to {}
32.